---
layout: post
title:  "The story so far"
date:   2016-02-17 17:00:00 +0100
categories: adventure beginning recap
---
It all began in a small town I've forgotten the name of. We were a mixed assortment of adventurers smashed together by the occurrence of death and despair.

The merry band was comprised out of **Kaladan Brood**, the murderous drow that got us kicked into jail, **Rhunkar Maelstrom**, a stuttering wood elf that was apparently raised by wolves, **Ruvaen Nailo**, a high elf rogue that was beside himself for being associated with such common people, **Sariel**, a nimble and lightning quick wood elf monk that had for, at that point, unknown reasons left her temple, **Klaez No'Ulith**, an exceptionally moody drow that was quick to impulsive decisions, and **Thalanir**, a very old hermit wood elf druid that definitely hadn't seen civilization in a good long while. This was us. This is still us, in many ways, although I like to think we might have grown.

But to begin in the beginning the murderous drow paladin Kaladan Brood got us all thrown in jail after slaughtering a farmstead just outside of the town of which name I still cannot remember. As most of the party put all their efforts into making a hasty escape the paladin was contacted by an incorporeal voice from the beyond promising a swift release from our imprisonment. We did not take this offer. Instead we faced judgement by the towns mayor, a pale, obese, and seemingly evil man, and his muscle **Garrok** who might be one of the scariest people alive with his floating magical sword and mind penetrating magic.

In the end we were presented with a choice. Die or head to an underground temple a days travel away and pick the fruit of the **Giltheas tree**. We choose option two and lived. It soon became evident that despite being allowed to move freely we were still prisoners. Any attempt at straying from the path we now were upon was met with a merciless attack on the mind by Garrok that once again showed that resistance was futile.

In preparation for the forced adventure to come Rhunkar, Sariel, Klaez, and Thalanir went to find the blacksmith to see what she had at hand to make us ready for the struggle to come. In the end only Rhunkar manage to get something good out of the trip to the blacksmith because true to his, or her, nature Klaez the drow cleric decided to explode water on the forge because he didn't get what he wanted. He did however get almost cleaved in two when the blacksmith answered with a one armed swing with a massive great sword.

As this was transpiring Kaladan and Ruvaen headed to the local tavern. As we entered we saw that apart from us there was a group of loud dwarves sitting in a corner booth, the stocky tavern keeper behind the bar, and a muscular dwarf sitting in the bar. Kaladan, being the drow that massacred the farmstead not too long ago, instantly go into a fight with the dwarf sitting in the bar which he without delay lost and fleed the tavern. Ruvaen, having seen his "comrades" epic failure, proceeded to have a drink, converse with the dwarf that dwarfed Kaladan's so called fighting proficiency, and in the end stealing the mighty dwarfs coin purse. All seemed to go so well until for some unknown reason he left the bar awhile later without his shoes and a coin purse lighter. We will never know or talk about what might have happened in shabby tavern.

The next day we started our journey through the barren landscape, after Ruvaen stole a half eaten apple from a poor farmer. We walk for hours and hours and the scenery did not change. It looked as if someone or something had salted the ground as to prevent anything from ever growing. A scar upon the earth. Ruvaen remembered hearing a story from a forgotten age about a ferocious dragon, revered as a god, burning this land to a crisp. It was the dragons temple we were moving towards. In that temple were we would find the Giltheas tree.

As the day came to an end we chanced upon an abandoned farmhouse were we decided to rest for the night. The wood elves and Kaladan decided to spend the night outside while Ruvaen and Klaez saw no point in not having a roof over their head and proceeded into the main building to meditate and rest.
